# Getting Started1) Your FTC Team Folder is located in java/org/ftcTeam2) FTCTeamRegistry by default is used in com.qualcomm.ftcrobotcontroller.FtcRobotControllerActivity.To verify open the file and search for "Enter your custom registry here".Make sure that your FTCTeamRegistry class lists all the opmodes that you are defining.  Otherwisethey will not be listed in your Driver Station App OpMode list.3) FTCTeamRobot.  This class and its variables should be in line with your Robot Controller App'sACTIVE saved configuration.  For instruction on how to scan your hardware and save a configuration onyour running Robot Controller App, please consult the FTC Tutorials4) There is a default OpMode defined in the ftcTeam directory for driving the robot with a gamepad.  Other opmode examplescan be found in java/org/ftcbootstrap/demos**************************************************************************************# Demo SummarySee ftc_app/FtcRobotController/src/main/java/org/ftcbootstrap/demos1) beginner : Guides you through using your first opmodes.2) demobot :  More advanced examples.3) pushbot :  A version of the original Pushbot examples that uses the reusable bootstrap components and operations.**************************************************************************************# When creating your own OpModes, make sure you take advantage of the reusable ftcbootstrap operationsFollow the demo opmodes for examples.Look in directories:ftc_app/FtcRobotController/src/main/java/org/ftcbootstrap/components , components/operatons/motors, components/operatons/servosSome examples are:GamePadServo : Operation to assist with operating a servo from a gamepad buttonGamePadMotor: Operation to assist with Gamepad actions on DCMotorsGamePadTankDrive: Operation to assist with basic tank drive using a gamepadMotorToEncoder: Operation to assist with running a DcMotor with the encoderTankDriveToEncoder :  Operation to assist with Tank Driving while using an encoderMotorToTouch : Operation to assist with running a DcMotor with a touch sensorTankDriveToODS: Operation to assist with Tank Driving while using an ODS for stopping on a line, line following and stopping before a wall**************************************************************************************# Javadocssee ftc_app/ftcbootstrapDocs 